We got errors because I changed user IDs authenticated and user I.D. and therefore in places where we
used these fields we now have problems.
For example in the booking service if we have a look at the booking service there we have an error where
I extract a user I.D. and that makes sense.
The user idea is no longer a string I can just pass here as an argument instead in the off service.
I changed my user I.D. to essentially return and observable and therefore we need to change the way
we extracted here when we need dead user I.D. We need to reach out to the off service which we already
do.
But then on the user I.D. Here we simply need to subscribe.
And of course I don't want to set up a ongoing subscription but I want to get exactly the latest snapshot.
So I'll add the pipe method here and then to take operator which you therefore need to import from our
exchange as operators in case you're not doing that already.
And then here I want to take exactly one value add in here.
I then get my user I.D. which is that string and if we're not getting a user I.D..
So if this is null for some reason I want to return and not continue.
Otherwise I can now create my new booking here and there.
We now have that user I.D. field.
The problem we now have is that I create that new booking in the subscribe method of my subscription
to user idea and I then want to use that here in this age GDP request which is a never observable change
if I leave the code like this does will not work because we already see it here new booking is not available
there and even with who would define it as a variable that is available everywhere even then the order
of execution would be incorrect because this is an asynchronous task here and therefore it is would
not be finished before this executes.
So we actually have to move this into our observable chain.
We have up there and hence I will actually not subscribe here but use a switch map because that allows
me to convert one observable my user idea observable into a different one which will be this HDP request
observable down there.
So here in this switch map I now get my user I.D. just as before in the subscription and I will move
the entire code I had into there and now in their I will return this observable where I send a post
request I returned this after creating the new booking and now we can add the operators we had on that
observable chain simply to the pipe method we had up there like this now the one thing that is now problematic
is the new booking which now is a well up there but not down here where I need to get the I.D. of that
booking where where I want to set it and for Dad Well we simply can define let new booking up there
as a variable which is which eventually will hold a booking and then I just don't create a constant
here but assign this to my booking to my new booking.
Now this might look very complicated but in the end what I did here is simply create a new observable
chain where it first of all get my user I.D. once to get the latest snapshot and then I return nothing
if we have no user I.D. which actually would be invalid code because which map always needs to have
an observable return.
So indeed I will not return nothing here but actually throw a new error or no user I.D. found so that
we really have an error in the application and therefore make it into the error handler of that observable
chain.
But we should have a user I.D. by default and then I create a new booking I use that and that HDP request
which I then return in this switch map because which map is an operator that gives us the result of
one observable and returns a new observable and then we have our operators that pick up on that return
response by that observable and do the same we did before now we've fixed the booking file in the Discover
page we have another issue and there I also have the issue of me using the user I.D. which now is no
longer a string but an observable.
Now let's also fix that.